Problem 1: The basic phenomen that can be observed from the data. 
    1. There is no overlapping zipcodes in the two datasets. 
    2. The population distribution of the two datasets are similar. See Figure 1
    3. There are two patterns in the relationship between the population and incidents numbers. See Figure 2  
    4. The spacial distribution of labeled and unlabeled zipcodes are similiarl. See Figure 3
    5. Based on 1,2,and 4, I assume that the Unlabeled can be modeled by the Labeled data.
    6. The zipcodes in class 1 are mainly in New York City, while rest of zipcodes are zipcodes outside NYC in NY State. See Figure 4


Problem 2:
    The result of doing 10 fold validation is not fixed, which depends on how the random folds are selected.
    After using different 10 fold validation 100 times, there are 27 times 2 is the best model complexity, 
and 73 times 3 is the best order, therefore, I chose to use 3 as the best order.(This result may change, but
3 is most likely to be the best.)

Problem 3:
    After compare the rmse from the cross validation rmse and that from all data(Figure 5), the result shows higher complexity will
increase the precision using a data set to predict itself, it is different in cross validation where a minimum rmse can be obtained
which represent a moderate complexity that could avoid over-fitting.


Problem 4:
    The OLS model I chose is combined with a logistic regression classifier. In this model, the classifier separate the data into to groups
according to their geolocation. The data used to train the classifier is from the labeled data, which I manually labeled according to Figure2,
in detail, log(incident)>6 is class 2 otherwise, is class 1.
    To avoid overfitting in the classifier, I used a lambda to regularize the parameters.
    The boundary of classifier is in Figure6
    After the data is classified, I again, applied polynomial fit to two classes, after training, the best order according to 10-fold cross validation
is in most case 1 in both of the classes. The prediction in labeled data itself is given in Figure 7.
    Finally, I used the model to predict the unlabeled data, the prediction in given in Figure 8.

Problem 5:
    The rmse of Model to predict labeled data is 8473.18007368, I believe if there is no overfitting problem, a similar rmse will be obtained in the 
unlabeled data.
    If have enough time, I would try a faster and more precise minimizer, and more types of features and lambda to have a best classification. Also, I
would combine the geofeature into the OLS models. But I don't think there will be a big improvement in this way,the even better prediction requires more
data in this case, such as the main industry of that zipcode, whether it is by water or not etc.