Problem 1
 This problem took me a long time to  figure out. The hardest part was getting set up, but once that was done, things got a little bit better. Instead of cleaning up the  data in the  files, I figured that SQL already ignores the unwanted data, and would return the right output regardless. Thus I left it as it was and did not bother to process each address before adding it to the database or condensing full postal terms into corresponding abbreviations.
Stripping and splitting was all I really did to clean. I however did  replace apostrophes that could throw off the splitting. While creating my table, I made my columns max’s so that I would prevent  possible substantial storage errors.
Note that  the incidents table, used a right split with max 2... I  did this  because some of the address lines had symbols that were  making splitting difficult.
Problems 1-6
Since I choose not to clean the data, the output that was returned contained  a "warning" message, that  let me know that I had some funny  data. These were  just warnings though, they did not stop my programs from running and instead give me the correct output with the correct input. Since the assignment instructions did not indicate that this was a problem, I have decided to keep it the way it is.
Problems 4- 6
In this section, I wrote my addresses to a file, this file is contained in my submitted file. The reason I did this was because  it was time consuming having them print out on the screen,  they would be more facile to utilize for further manipulation, and  it was more facile for me to clean the output.
The output made it more facile for me to clean the files as : The addresses which I pulled from the database and preserved to a list all had parentheses and extra quotation marks around them. I was unable to utilize the .Strip () command prosperously with them, but I did find that I could utilize a "translate" method with more prosperity, then strip. When you run my program, the output on the command line indicates  the name of the file the information was edited in. Additionally, for quandary 6, I had to integrate "L" to the translate table because I was working with "long numbers" and they were printing out with the data.
